Update README with Schema design and Test section (#64)
lrs8810/play: README.md

`knex seed:run`

#### How to run tests

> Testing is setup using Jest, which can be configured in the `package.json` file and run using the commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing is set up using Jest, which can be configured in the `package.json` file and run using the commands:
```
